[agent/logs] Additional multiline regexp example (#9739)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/logs/advanced_log_collection.md

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

> **Very important note**: Regex patterns for multi-line logs must start at the **beginning** of a log. Patterns cannot be matched mid-line. *A never matching pattern may cause log line losses*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-warning"><strong>Important!</strong> Regex patterns for multi-line logs must start at the <em>beginning</em> of a log. Patterns cannot be matched mid-line. <em>A never matching pattern may cause log line losses.</em></div>
```
